the staff is also good that the same name
completed making another video for
you
in this same is bringing here the video
how to install minecraft in your
computer
good it will have two versions etc
first you have to appear the
player will return using google
chrome
You're just going to tell
available in the video description
will go to the link clicking on it can
copy paste also enter the site you
will stay in red button download
clicked will wait a bit will start
loading students and glock goes
select where you want to save
I'm going to talk here about nothing, I work.
wanted to create work click
save and will be next to the store can
look and rock
It means that you want to put a
store but does not have any type of threat
because if there was a threat it would be
By placing my computer you click here
to show your values the tightness
against oj
you see that recover malicious file
keep yourself
it will have downloaded already can close goes
stagnate work you click with the
right- click on the law and should
perform as admirable goes carrying
everything for you to go there today will install
settings
it will come not only next page
here you will have registered
the common record click below
register here you will be placing
your e- mail you can yell I'll go
put here
2020 2030 at gmail.com a user
2020 2030
so I'm going to put 123456 that you
confirm below
in two three four five six click
register
remembering that you do not have to miss
copying said is making it clear here
obviously you will put your e-mail
It will put your name on you.
create and enter any password that
you want
[Music]
register
today I'm done, okay now you already
can exit all your click login
here.pdf of mail or mm that you go
Playing here, I'm going to click on it.
which is faster
put here and I had neither had nor
but he already trains with a ball like that.
here two three four five six initial
Okay, I 'm here, you do not have to have it.
forwarded the highlight in the first game
here say that you go there and I know
advertising only the app's creators
is in the field
you will want to edit profile from below
here you will select the version that
Do you want a strike that the evolution of
your screen to know the resolution of your
you may be applying the right
here the screen resolution
can only be putting here I leave
standard of wealth down here you go
Select Nelson here has several
versions only you click here and lowering
these numbers with the minecraft versions
up to the agenda that some points 8/3
of course you select if you want
save profile
supply button woman
obviously as I have this version
installed
It will be very fast for you, not
have a line come and talk about what
will download all the files that will go
install a complete game
Since I have to go faster just did
beauty file verification
I'm going to try to do something that a
game for you is on half track
running that player's night
only you are seeing continuously
here in June normal name that I
I put it there, you can even see it
which is in the most updated version by
plants etc.
the staff is there if you liked
video leaves I liked it
if you want to receive more content
video if you want more fainting breath
other game subscribe to the channel comments
This is what you are left with if you
want beauty gameplay is not possible
do for you there
click here is the video window that
Do you want more videos?
you can watch in the relay spoke
That's it, that's it
see you later I liked it